.TH install-font 1 2015
.SH NAME
install\-font \- install fonts from files and remote github repos
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBinstall\-font\fP [\fB\-g\fP|\fB\-\-global\-install\fP] [\fB\-h\fP|\fB\-\-help\fP] \fI\<FontExpr\>\fP [\fI\<FontExpr\>..\fP]
.SH DESCRIPTION
\fBinstall\-font\fP is used to install font files and fonts from their remote repos on github.
In the case of local files, it just copies them and refresh fonts.
However, in github repo case, it finds the latest release; downloads it;
and find font files and then install them like local files.
It installs the fonts locally for the current user by default unless \fIglobal install\fP is used.
.IP \<FontExpr\>
FontExpr is an expression to point to a fonts.
Into the case of local files, it's just the normal path to it.
For a github repo, the syntax \fI:user\-name/repo\-name\fP should be used.
see examples for more.
.IP \-g|\-\-global\-install
This option installs the fonts for all users. Specifically, in \fB/usr/share/fonts/installeByScript\fP.
If this option is not passed, local install is assumed.
If global install is enabled, it MUST have root privilege.
.IP \-h|\-\-help
Show summary help page.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
.EX
install-font :khaledhosny/amiri\-font
.EE
.TP
.PP
Installs amiri font by Khaled Hosny to the local user.
.PP
.EX
sudo install-font -g :khaledhosny/amiri\-font path/to/other/font.ttf
.EE
.TP
.PP
install the the two fonts for all users.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Ahmed Alshakh \- \fIgithub.com/alshakh\fP
.SH SOURCE CODE & BUGS
Source code, bug reporting and other things can found on \fBhttps://www.github.com/alshakh/install-font\fP
.SH LICENSE
Copyright © 2015 Free Software Foundation, Inc.   License  GPLv3+:  GNU
GPL version 3 or later <http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>.
This  is  free  software:  you  are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.
